I’m building an app which helps do name screening in a CIB. It fetches the client details, from ASAM (Vendor system provided by ripjar for screening dow jones and factiva database for alerts and news articles)

The tool I’ve built has been combined of two POCs

ASAM returns alerts (which is created when our client record matches asam database of names). Now one alert can have multiple hits or evidences (which are different people in asam database having similar names). Each hit can have one or multiple news articles

POC-1: A name matching algorithm that works at alert-evidence level. It checks the nomura clients name, gender, dob. Then it compares it against the evidence or hits name, gender, dob to find differences. If there are any differences then it would mark that hit as a false match ( now we dont even need to read the news articles in these hits for adverse news since its a name mismatch at hit level)

Poc-1 can mark some or all hits within an alert as false match, it all depends on the names that come under an alert as hits

Poc-2: for all those hits which are marked as manual review required by poc-1, poc2 is applicable. Poc2 uses llm and prompts to find if the client in the article is relevant (is it really the client we’re screening) by using factors like name, age, gender, nationality, mention_type (primary, secondary, or incidental mention in the article). Secondly if poc2 cannot discount the article in pass 1, which proves the client in the article is the one we are screening, it would then do a materiality analysis. Where we have given it fields or categories which define financial crime, non financial crime. If it cannot determine any materiality in the article which relates to adverse news as per our name screening guidelines, it would deem the article non material. 

Also once materiality is identified it also suggests who to route the article to (either FCC, or BM, or head of department) which is also taken from the guidelines and mentioned in the prompt

What i want to do is build a very cool looking UI for this. It should be minimalist with smooth animations and design flows. Where do you think i can take inspiration from? I tried looking in 21st.dev but i couldn’t find good ones as you see this one requires us to have tables which shows all the hits in an alert which user inputs the alert id for, then display all hits with poc1 decision for each hit in it.

Then runs poc2 and show the results of every news article with the materiality assessment and final decision (escalate, discount, non material)

How to build this ui, any websites or search phrases that will help me get good templates? Also I’m under corporate proxy so i can’t do npm install which a lot of templates on 21st dev suggests